Welcome back.
Let's now go over the solution for the barter exercise.
OK here we are at the exercise pie script.
First thing I wanted to do is perform our usual imports.
I'm just going to copy and paste these to save a little bit of time.
But essentially it's just the usual imports of poly off line polygraph objects and pandas as PD then
we want to go ahead and read in the data frame will say the F is equal to PD read C S V and it's under
neath my data folder Mark surveyed thought cxxviii and it's quickest.
You should have set the index column to 0 to save yourself a little bit of work later on.
Again it's up to you if you want to do this.
But we mentioned that in the actual exercise over you don't want to create Trace's.
And in this case we use a list comprehension to do that.
Again it's up to you whether you prefer a list comprehension versus a normal for loop but list comprehensions
tend to be a little smoother as far as the way they're depicted in your syntax.
So in this case we create our data list or say go bar and we want to create a bar plot for essentially
every response in the columns.
So that means we'll say go up bar and set X equal to that index.
And if you hadn't set index underscore column equal to zero then instead of saying exercycle the index
you would have set it to that first column then we'll say Why that's going to be equal to ZF response
and then we'll set the name equal to response.
And we're going to be creating this bar plot for and let's put this over a couple of lines for response
in the columns.
All right so again what we're doing here is we're creating a bar chart for every response in the columns.
And here we're setting X equal to the index in y equal to the column of that response and then setting
the name equal to response.
So there's our data list for the bar plots and now it's time to actually create our oleo.
So for Lay we'll say lay out is equal to go lay out.
And here we're going.
A tidal survey results.
And then since we want a stacked bar plot what we need to specify is bar mode is equal to the string
stack.
They'll say fig is equal to that figure or date is equal to data and layout is equal to lay out the
plot or figure plot Fig.
All right let's say that and make sure it runs correctly.
I just call my script basic thought PI and looking at my script it looks like everything I have or want
is here.
So now let's quickly show you how you can create this as a horizontal bar plot.
So this was the solution for the vertical bar plot in order to make this horizontal what you need to
do is reverse your X and Y and then also say orientation
is equal to the string h.
So that's how you can actually specify this to be horizontal you just say orientation equals H.
Keep in mind if you only say orientation is equal to that string H.
If you were to run this file again Python basic thought pi then you're going to get a weird bar plot
because you'll see something that looks like this.
Essentially you kept the same x and y axes but you whores.
You made everything horizontal.
So to fix that we need to do is essentially reverse this X and Y value.
So you'll say Y is now equal to the index.
And then you can say x is equal to response so running that then you should get this correct version
right here.
OK.
So again that's all there was to it.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
But definitely also check out our actual solution files for you.
Thanks everyone and we'll see you at the next lecture.